'\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH griffith 1 "Dec 20, 2006" "" ""
.SH NAME
griffith \- film collection manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
'nh
.fi
.ad l
\fBgriffith\fR \kx
.if (\nx>(\n(.l/2)) .nr x (\n(.l/5)
'in \n(.iu+\nxu
'in \n(.iu-\nxu
.ad b
'hy
.SH DESCRIPTION
Griffith is a film collection manager.
Adding items to the movie collection is as quick and easy as typing the film
title and selecting a supported source. Griffith will then try to fetch all
the related information from the Web.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-h\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-help\fR\*(T> 
Show usage information.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-D\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-debug\fR\*(T> 
Run in debug mode.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-C\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-clean\fR\*(T> 
find and delete orphan files in posters directory.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-\-check\-dep\fR\*(T> 
check dependencies - if all needed Python modules are installed, it prints nothting.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-\-sqlecho\fR\*(T> 
Prints all SQL queries to standart output.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-\-home DIR\fR\*(T> 
Set Griffith's home directory. Use this option if you want to change the default ~/.griffith
.PP
Printing movie list:
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-c <expr>\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-cast=<expr>\fR\*(T> 
cast field must contain <expr>
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-d <expr>\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-director=<expr>\fR\*(T> 
director field must contain <expr>
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-o <expr>\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-original_title=<expr>\fR\*(T> 
original title field must contain <expr>
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-t <expr>\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-title=<expr>\fR\*(T> 
title field must contain <expr>
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-y <number>\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-year=<number>\fR\*(T> 
movie must be released in year <number>
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-s <columns>\fR\*(T> \*(T<\fB\-\-sort=<columns>\fR\*(T> 
set sort columns to <columns>. Example: \-\-sort=o_title,number,director
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Homepage: \(lahttp://www.griffith.cc/\(ra
.SH BUGS
If you want to help or report any bugs founded please visit
.URL http://www.griffith.cc/ homepage
or
\(lahttps://bugs.launchpad.net/griffith\(ra
.SH AUTHORS
Griffith was written by Vasco Nunes and Piotr O\(oA\(14arowski.
See the AUTHORS and THANKS files for a list of other
contributors.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Vasco Nunes <\*(T<vasco.m.nunes@gmail.com\*(T>>,
Piotr O\(oA\(14arowski <\*(T<ozarow+griffith@gmail.com\*(T>>,
.PP
This man page was written by Piotr Ozarowski
