.TH griffith\-export\-template 5 "Sep 09, 2005"  
.SH NAME
Griffith \- Exportar utilizando modelos
.SH SYNOPSIS
Export Using Templates \- A Griffith's export plugin
making use of fully customizable templates
.SH DESCRIPTION
Creating a new template:
.PP
Make a new directory with the short name 'template/template' family
(each dir can contain more then one template, see config.xml description)
.PP
Prepare page.tpl file. Page.tpl file should contain three parts:
.PP
* header \- will appear on top of every generated file
.PP
* items \- will be filled with data from every exported movie
.PP
* tail \- will appear at the bottom of files
.PP
To split them, add <!\-\- ITEMS \-\-> string before and <!\-\- /ITEMS \-\-> string after items part.
.PP
Make config.xml file (see CONFIG section)
.PP
Optionaly: make preview images (see CONFIG file section). Best resolution for preview images is 200x150px
.SH "TEMPLATE TAGS"
Bellow are listed the allowed tags in page.tpl files.
Every tag name starts with "@" character.
Between tags you can put two special strings: @TITLE@ and @DATA@ wich will be replaced with
fields (translated if needed) title and movie data.
.PP
Example:
<@runtime>@TITLE@ field contains "@DATA@" data</@runtime>
will be transformed into:
Runtime field contains "120 min." data
.PP
List of allowed tags:
.PP
Tags allowed everywhere:
.TP 
\fBheader\fR
string defined in "Template" tab, @TITLE@ not used 
.TP 
\fBnavigation\fR
generates navigation bar (if required)
.TP 
\fBcopyright\fR
prints document's copyright
.PP
Tags allowed only in "items" part:
.TP 
\fBimage\fR
name of the poster image file (without path and extension)
.TP 
\fBnumber\fR
movie's ID in database
.TP 
\fBtitle\fR
movie's title
.TP 
\fBoriginal_title\fR
movie's original title
.TP 
\fByear\fR
movie's premiere
.TP 
\fBdirector\fR
movie's director
.TP 
\fBrating\fR
number (0\-9) 
.TP 
\fBruntime\fR
movie's runtime in minutes 
.TP 
\fBcountry\fR
name of country, where movie was produced
.TP 
\fBgenre\fR
movies's genre
.TP 
\fBimdb\fR
from this URL was fetched movie's data
.TP 
\fBsite\fR
official site's URL
.TP 
\fBtrailer\fR
URL where movie's trailer can be found
.TP 
\fBmedia\fR
number of discs and disc type, f.e. "2xDVD"
.TP 
\fBseen\fR
"Yes" or "No"
.TP 
\fBloaned\fR
"Yes" or "No"
.TP 
\fBclassification\fR
movie's classification
.TP 
\fBstudio\fR
.TP 
\fBactors\fR
movie's coast
.TP 
\fBplot\fR
movie's summary
.SH "CONFIG FILE"
The easiest way to create config.xml file is copying it from another template and just editing it.
Every file must contain template's author, version and author's email. Optionally you can add
description and list of styles. Every style item must contain name and file name.
See template.dtd for more details.
.SH EXAMPLE
Example template can be found at
/usr/share/griffith/export_templates/html_tables dir
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBgriffith\fR(1)
.SH AUTHORS
griffith was initially written by Vasco Nunes. See the AUTHORS file
for a list of other contributors.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2005 Vasco Nunes vasco.m.nunes@gmail.com
.PP
This man page was written by Piotr Ozarowski
